New Navy Ships (#5108)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/ships.txt

		"shields" 17100
		"hull" 5900
		"required crew" 87
		"bunks" 260
		"mass" 820
		"drag" 13.3
		"heat dissipation" .45
		"fuel capacity" 900
		"cargo space" 250
		"outfit space" 720
		"weapon capacity" 160
		"engine capacity" 200
		weapon
			"blast radius" 280
			"shield damage" 2800
			"hull damage" 1400
			"hit force" 4200
	outfits
		"Sidewinder Missile Launcher" 2
		"Sidewinder Missile" 100
		"Quad Blaster Turret" 2
		"Heavy Anti-Missile Turret" 2
		
		"Fusion Reactor"
		"LP288a Battery Pack"
		"D94-YV Shield Generator"
		"D67-TM Shield Generator"
		"Water Coolant System"
		"Large Radar Jammer"
		"Ramscoop"
		
		"X4700 Ion Thruster"
		"X1700 Ion Thruster"
		"X5200 Ion Steering"
		"Scram Drive"
	engine -41 181
	engine 41 181
	gun -12 -180
	gun 12 -180
	turret 0 -75 "Heavy Anti-Missile Turret"
	turret 0 -18
	turret 0 22.5
	turret 0 73.5 "Heavy Anti-Missile Turret"
	fighter 0 -75
	fighter 0 -18
	fighter 0 22.5
	fighter 0 73.5
	leak "leak" 30 50
	leak "flame" 30 80
	leak "big leak" 30 30
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Auxiliary is the Republic Navy's logistical backbone. The size and durability of a capital ship but more cargo and passenger space than any other Navy ship, the Auxiliary is used whenever the Navy needs large amounts of troops or cargo transported with a guarantee that they'll reach the destination."

Reviewer: description "The Auxiliary is, by all accounts, the Republic Navy's logistical backbone. With the size and durability of a capital ship but more cargo and passenger space than any other Navy ship, the Auxiliary is used whenever the Navy requires large amounts of troops or cargo transported with a guarantee that they'll reach the destination."

> 	description "	The Auxiliary was built with modularity in mind, allowing the ship to be fitted for more cargo or more bunk space depending on the mission, but this modularity makes the ship rather expensive to build, and therefore a rare sight to see."

Reviewer: description "	The Auxiliary was built with modularity in mind, allowing the ship to be fitted for more cargo or bunk space depending on the mission. This modularity makes the ship rather expensive to build, however, and therefore a rare sight to see."

	description "The Dreadnought is a new warship that was designed by Southbound Shipyards in order to provide a large capital ship for the Free Worlds fleets, something capable of standing up to a Navy Cruiser or even a Carrier."

ship "Dropship"
	sprite "ship/dropship"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/dropship"
	attributes
		category "Fighter"
		licenses
			Navy
		"cost" 91000
		"shields" 600
		"hull" 200
		"required crew" 1
		"bunks" 9
		"mass" 30
		"drag" 0.8
		"heat dissipation" .9
		"cargo space" 5
		"outfit space" 100
		"weapon capacity" 16
		"engine capacity" 40
		weapon
			"blast radius" 12
			"shield damage" 120
			"hull damage" 60
			"hit force" 180
	outfits
		"Beam Laser" 2
		
		"nGVF-BB Fuel Cell"
		"Supercapacitor"
		"D14-RN Shield Generator"
		"Small Radar Jammer"
		
		"X1700 Ion Thruster"
		"X1200 Ion Steering"
	
	engine 13 26
	engine -13 26
	gun 2 -27 "Beam Laser"
	gun -2 -27 "Beam Laser"
	leak "leak" 60 50
	explode "tiny explosion" 15
	explode "small explosion" 5

> 	description "Dropships were designed with the Navy's Auxiliary in mind. Landed Auxiliaries often act as forward operating bases, so troops needing transport to another sector rely on their Dropships. This cramped and uncomfortable vessel is able to move a squad of Republic soldiers at great speed for its size."

Reviewer: description "Dropships were designed with the Navy's Auxiliary in mind. Landed Auxiliaries often act as forward operating bases, so troops needing transport to another area often rely on their Dropships. This cramped and uncomfortable vessel is able to move a squad of Republic soldiers at great speed for its size."

> 	description "Dropships were designed with the Navy's Auxiliary in mind. Landed Auxiliaries often act as forward operating bases, so troops needing transport to another sector rely on their Dropships. This cramped and uncomfortable vessel is able to move a squad number of Republic soldiers at great speed for its size."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Dropships were designed with the Navy's Auxiliary in mind. Landed Auxiliaries often act as forward operating bases, so troops needing transport to another sector rely on their Dropships. This cramped and uncomfortable vessel is able to move a squad of Republic soldiers at great speed for its size."
```

If I was the one who suggested this typo, I apologize. :)

> 	description "Dropships were designed with the Navy's Auxiliary in mind. Auxiliaries often act as a forward operating base when landed on planets, so moving the entire Auxiliary isn't much of an option when a large number of troops need to be moved to a different sector. That's where the Dropship comes in, a small, fast, and cramped vessel able to move considerable numbers of troops at great speeds for its size."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Dropships were designed with the Navy's Auxiliary in mind. Landed Auxiliaries often act as forward operating bases, so troops needing transport to another sector rely on their Dropships. This cramped and uncomfortable vessel is able to move a squad number of Republic soldiers at great speed for its size."
```
